docs: update "create" documentation (#621)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_cli: README.md

### `very_good create`

> Create a very good project in seconds based on the provided template. Each type of template is described by a sub-command. Ex: `very_good create flutter_app` to create flutter apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a very good project in seconds based on the provided template. Each template has a corresponding sub-command. Ex: `very_good create flutter_app` will generate a Flutter starter app.
```

> Create a very good project in seconds based on the provided template. Each template has a corresponding sub-command. Ex: `very_good create flutter_app` will generate a Flutter starter app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a very good project in seconds based on the provided template. Each template has a corresponding sub-command (e.g.,`very_good create flutter_app` will generate a Flutter starter app).
```

very_good create flutter_app my_app --desc "My new Flutter app" --application-id "com.custom.app.id"

# Create a new Flame game named my_game
very_good create flame_game my_game --desc "My new Flame game"

# Create a new Flutter package named my_flutter_package
very_good create flutter_package my_flutter_package --desc "My new Flutter package"

# Create a new Dart package named my_dart_package
very_good create dart_package my_dart_package --desc "My new Dart package"

# Create a new Dart package named my_dart_package that is publishable
very_good create dart_package my_dart_package --desc "My new Dart package" --publishable

# Create a new Dart CLI application named my_dart_cli
very_good create dart_cli my_dart_cli --desc "My new Dart CLI package"

# Create a new Dart CLI application named my_dart_cli with a custom executable name
very_good create dart_cli my_dart_cli --desc "My new Dart CLI package" --executable-name my_executable_name

# Create a new Flutter plugin named my_flutter_plugin (all platforms enabled)
very_good create flutter_plugin my_flutter_plugin --desc "My new Flutter plugin"

# Create a new Flutter plugin named my_flutter_plugin (some platforms only)

> very_good create flutter_plugin my_flutter_plugin --desc "My new Flutter plugin" --platforms android,ios,macos

Author: No, the syntax is just like that

> very_good create flutter_plugin my_flutter_plugin --desc "My new Flutter plugin" --platforms android,ios,macos

Reviewer: cool, just checking

# Create a new docs site named my_docs_site
very_good create docs_site my_docs_site
```

#### Migrating to 0.10.0

> ⚠️ The version 0.10.0 changed the syntax of `very_good create`. Learn how to migrate [here][migrating_link].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ The version 0.10.0 changed the syntax of `very_good create`. Learn how to migrate [here][migrating_link].
```
my question is: is it a migration or just a syntax update?

Author: I really don't know the difference between those two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ The version 0.10.0 changed the syntax of the `very_good create` command. Learn about the changes [here][new_syntax_link].
```

> ⚠️ The version 0.10.0 changed the syntax of the `very_good create` command. Learn about the changes [here][new_syntax_link].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⚠️ v0.10.0 changed the syntax of the `very_good create` command. Learn about the changes [here][new_syntax_link].
```

very_good create docs_site my_docs_site
```

> #### Syntax changes on 0.10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Syntax changes in v0.10.0
```

Reviewer: nit!!!!!

[testing_link]: https://flutter.dev/docs/testing
[very_good_analysis_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg
[very_good_analysis_link]: https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis
[very_good_core_link]: site/docs/templates/core.md

> [migrating_link]: site/docs/resources/migrating_to_0_10_0.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[new_syntax_link]: site/docs/resources/migrating_to_0_10_0.md
```

Reviewer: see [com](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_cli/pull/621/files#r1069931625) for reasoning re: migration vs. syntax change
